I woke up not so early because
because I wanted to enjoy sunrise
on top of Baigu.
It was stunning.
I was prepared for snow or wet bamboo,
but the weather was perfect.
I carried all my water from Guguan
and still had enough for the night and morning.
Clear sky,
but it was getting late.
I decided to sleep on top of Baigu Mountain.
Bai Gu Da Shan
I don't like spending money
on gear I don't need,
but years ago I invested in good sleep gear.
My whole sleep system
weighs under 1,200 grams.
Good 20F down sleeping bag,
short inflatable mat, quality bivy and tarp.
I don't recommend sleeping
on top of mountain or open space.
It's always better to sleep
under some vegetation.
But if you do,
you have to have good weather and know
what to do if something is turning wrong.
I slept well.